.TH "PISG" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
pisg \(em Perl IRC Statistics Generator 
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
\fBpisg\fR is a program which takes IRC logfiles and turns 
the into nice looking stats, which can be amusing to show to the users 
of your channel. It's quite simple to set up using command line parameters or 
a configuration file. 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, 
with long options starting with two dashes (`\-\-').  A summary of 
options is included below. 
.IP "\fB-ch \-\-channel=\fP" 10 
Set channel name 
.IP "\fB-cc \-\-cchannels=\fP" 10 
Only do this channel from configuration file, give multiple times to do multiple channels 
.IP "\fB-l \-\-logfile=\fP" 10 
Log file to parse 
.IP "\fB-o \-\-outfile=\fP" 10 
Name of HTML file to create 
.IP "\fB-t \-\-tag=\fP" 10 
Replace %t in \-\-outfile by argument 
.IP "\fB-ma \-\-maintainer=\fP" 10 
Channel/stats maintainer 
.IP "\fB-f \-\-format=\fP" 10 
Logfile format 
.IP "\fB-ne \-\-network=\fP" 10 
IRC network of the 
channel 
.IP "\fB-d \-\-dir=\fP" 10 
Analyze all files in this 
directory. Ignores \-\-logfile. Give multiple times to use multiple 
directories. 
.IP "\fB-nf \-\-nfiles=\fP" 10 
Analyze the last n files if used with \-\-dir 
.IP "\fB-p \-\-prefix=\fP" 10 
Analyze only files prefixed 
by something in dir. Only works with 
\-\-dir 
.IP "\fB-cf \-\-cfg opt=value\fP" 10 
Specify configuration options 
.IP "\fB-co \-\-configfile=\fP" 10 
Configuration file 
.IP "\fB-mo \-\-moduledir=\fP" 10 
Directory containing pisg modules 
.IP "\fB-s \-\-silent\fP" 10 
Suppress output (except error 
messages) 
.IP "\fB-v \-\-version\fP" 10 
Show version 
.IP "\fB-h \-\-help\fP" 10 
Show help 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
The pisg manual is located in /usr/share/doc/pisg/. 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Julien Danjou acid@debian.org for 
the \fBDebian\fP system (but may be used by others).  Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU Free Documentation 
License, Version 1.1 or any later version published by the Free 
Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover 
Texts and no Back-Cover Texts. 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Wed 13 Feb 2008, 21:38 
